# Gunpla Configuration

This document describes how to modify the [settings.py](/src/settings.py) file and the associated config.json in src/config

## settings.py

This file is autogenerated during the ```make setup``` phase.  It contains 3 important fields

* **wifi configuration**: Enter your wifi information in ssid and password
* **hostname:** Set the name of "url" to connect to
* **model**: This requires importing the appropriate gunpla model or using the generic model in src/gundpla in the top of
the file and using a Python construction to create the Python model.

### Example settings.py

```python
from src.gunpla.nu_gundam import NuGundam

webserver = {
    "ssid": "My house wifi",
    "password": 'password',
    "hostname": 'nu-gundam.local',
    "model": NuGundam()
}
```

## config.json

Every Python gunpla class (in src/gunpla) has an associated configuration file in src/config.  This configuration file
contains a mapping of LEDs to physical pins on the Pico board and a list of lightshows.  [Nu Gundam](/src/config/nu_gundam.json)
contains the current examples of how to add lightshows and disable individual leds.  As this configuration evolves this
document will be expanded to describe all the options.

LEDs to pins can be removed/updated or the entry can be modified to have ```"disabled": true``` inserted to disable the
LED.  Thus the configuration doesn't have to match what LED's you have installed in your kit.  For example, [Nu Gundam](/src/config/nu_gundam.json)
has all 6 fin funnels deployed, yours may just have 3 deployed and a beam saber you want lit up.  Thus, change it to
suit how you want to display your mobile suit.

### Lightshows

Lightshows are listed in the config.json, this contains a human-readable name(name) for it, a short url endpoint(path)
and the associated Python function(method).  
The implementation of a lightshow is primarily in Python.  It uses helper functions to get the name of an LED and the
class LEDEffects to perform advanced effects such as brightening, glowing, pulsating, etc.
